Firstly, we should ask, in the context of web application security, what is content? Content can be many things, a file, video, picture, backup, a website feature. When we talk about content discovery, we're not talking about the obvious things we can see on a website; it's the things that aren't immediately presented to us and that weren't always intended for public access.


Task 1
Answer the questions below

What is the Content Discovery method that begins with M?
Answer: Manually

What is the Content Discovery method that begins with A?
Answer: Automated

What is the Content Discovery method that begins with O?
Answer: OSINT


Task 2
Answer the questions below

What is the directory in the robots.txt that isn't allowed to be viewed by web crawlers?
Answer: /staff-portal


Task 3
Answer the questions below

What framework did the favicon belong to?
Answer: cgiirc


Task 4
Answer the questions below

What is the path of the secret area that can be found in the sitemap.xml file?
Answer: /s3cr3t-area


Task 5
Answer the questions below

What is the flag value from the X-FLAG header?
Answer: THM{HEADER_FLAG}


Task 6
Answer the questions below

What is the flag from the framework's administration portal?
Answer: THM{CHANGE_DEFAULT_CREDENTIALS}


Task 7
Answer the questions below

What Google dork operator can be used to only show results from a particular site?
Answer: site:


Task 8
Answer the questions below

What online tool can be used to identify what technologies a website is running?
Answer: Wappalyzer


Task 9
Answer the questions below

What is the website address for the Wayback Machine?
Answer: https://archive.org/web/


Task 10
Answer the questions below

What is Git?
Answer: version control system


Task 11
Answer the questions below

What URL format do Amazon S3 buckets end in?
Answer: .s3.amazonaws.com


Task 12
Answer the questions below

What is the name of the directory beginning "/mo...." that was discovered?
Answer: /monthly

What is the name of the log file that was discovered?
Answer: /development.log
