SQL (Structured Query Language) Injection, mostly referred to as SQLi, is an attack on a web application database server that causes malicious queries to be executed. When a web application communicates with a database using input from a user that hasn't been properly validated, there runs the potential of an attacker being able to steal, delete or alter private and customer data and also attack the web applications authentication methods to private or customer areas. This is why as well as SQLi being one of the oldest web application vulnerabilities, it also can be the most damaging.


Task 1
Answer the questions below

What does SQL stand for?
Answer: Structured Query Language


Task 2
Answer the questions below

What is the acronym for the software that controls a database?
Answer: DBMS

What is the name of the grid-like structure which holds the data?
Answer: table


Task 3
Answer the questions below

What SQL statement is used to retrieve data?
Answer: SELECT

What SQL clause can be used to retrieve data from multiple tables?
Answer: UNION

What SQL statement is used to add data?
Answer: INSERT


Task 4
Answer the questions below

What character signifies the end of an SQL query?
Answer: ;


Task 5
Answer the questions below

What is the flag after completing level 1?
Answer: THM{SQL_INJECTION_3840}


Task 6
Answer the questions below

What is the flag after completing level two? (and moving to level 3)
Answer: THM{SQL_INJECTION_9581}


Task 7
Answer the questions below

What is the flag after completing level three?
Answer: THM{SQL_INJECTION_1093}


Task 8
Answer the questions below

What is the final flag after completing level four?
Answer: THM{SQL_INJECTION_MASTER}


Task 9
Answer the questions below

Name a protocol beginning with D that can be used to exfiltrate data from a database.
Answer: DNS


Task 10
Answer the questions below

Name a method of protecting yourself from an SQL Injection exploit.
Answer: Prepared Statements
