This room will cover the foundations of using the Burp Suite web application framework.
Specifically, we will be looking at:

What Burp Suite is
An overview of the available tools in the framework
Installing Burp Suite for yourself
Navigating and configuring Burp Suite.
We will also be introducing the core of the Burp Suite framework: the Burp Proxy. This room is primarily designed to provide a foundational knowledge of Burp Suite which can then be built upon further in the other rooms of the Burp module; as such, it will be a lot heavier in theory than subsequent rooms, which take more of a practical approach. You are advised to read the information here and follow along yourself with a copy of the tool if you haven't used Burp Suite before. Experimentation is key: use this information in tandem with playing around with the app for yourself to build a foundation for using the framework, which can then be built upon in later rooms.

Let's begin!


Task 2
Answer the questions below

Which edition of Burp Suite will we be using in this module?
Answer: Burp Suite Community

Which edition of Burp Suite runs on a server and provides constant scanning for target web apps?
Answer: Burp Suite Enterprise

Burp Suite is frequently used when attacking web applications and ______ applications.
Answer: Mobile


Task 3
Answer the questions below

Which Burp Suite feature allows us to intercept requests between ourselves and the target?
Answer: Proxy

Which Burp tool would we use if we wanted to bruteforce a login form?
Answer: Intruder


Task 7
Answer the questions below

In which Project options sub-tab can you find reference to a "Cookie jar"?
Answer: Sessions

In which User options sub-tab can you change the Burp Suite update behaviour?
Answer: Misc

What is the name of the section within the User options "Misc" sub-tab which allows you to change the Burp Suite keybindings?
Answer: Hotkeys

If we have uploaded Client-Side TLS certificates in the User options tab, can we override these on a per-project basis (Aye/Nay)?
Answer: Aye


Task 8
Answer the questions below

Which button would we choose to send an intercepted request to the target in Burp Proxy?
Answer: Forward

[Research] What is the default keybind for this?
Note: Assume you are using Windows or Linux (i.e. swap Cmd for Ctrl).
Answer: Ctrl+F


Task 9
Answer the questions below

Read through the options in the right-click menu.
There is one particularly useful option that allows you to intercept and modify the response to your request.
What is this option?
Note: The option is in a dropdown sub-menu.
Answer: Response to this request


Task 13
Answer the questions below

What is the flag you receive?
Answer: THM{NmNlZTliNGE1MWU1ZTQzMzgzNmFiNWVk}

Look through the Issue Definitions list.
What is the typical severity of a Vulnerable JavaScript dependency?
Answer: Low


We have now reached the end of the Burp Basics room.
This room has hopefully given you a good grasp of the Burp Suite interface and configuration options, as well as giving you a working knowledge of the Burp Proxy.
You are advised to experiment with these foundations until you are completely comfortable with them. Burp Suite is an invaluable tool in a web or mobile application pentester's arsenal. We will be building on these skills in the next room of the module covering Burp Suite Repeater.
